Post: dropping MySQL (#1404)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _posts/2017-10-31-migrating-foreman-from-mysql-to-postgresql.md

- foreman
---

> This content was moved to the [official Foreman manual](/manuals/nightly/index.html#3.7MigratingtoPostgreSQL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The [official Foreman manual](/manuals/1.23/index.html#3.7MigratingtoPostgreSQL) now contains the up to date and recommended migration procedure, please follow the instructions there.*
```
